Right now, I'm here at IVT Institute Islamabad...
and Sir Ali's student, Sufiyan...
has done my haircut.
He has given me a complete fade with a full hair cut...
And Mashallah, looking awesome..
If you look closely...
you can clearly see the sharpness and cleanliness.
the level of perfection in his hands...
it's a professional job that he done, not many people can achieve this kind of perfection.
And if I say this,
Sufyan's work is just like my Berber, with whom I do the cutting myself,
he will not have that much perfection in his hand.
"To be Honest!"
So...
A big thank you to Sir Ali...
and especially to Sufiyan
who done this amazing cutting.
Thank you!